Anytype: update infer signature for input example and doc (#13846)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/llms/chat-model-intro/index.rst

    }
    request = {"messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "What is MLflow?"}]}

    with mlflow.start_run():
        model_info = mlflow.pyfunc.log_model(
            "ollama_pyfunc_model",
            python_model=code_path,
            input_example=(request, params),
        )

> With a custom :py:class:`~mlflow.pyfunc.PythonModel`, we need to manually define the input example, so that model signature can be inferred from it. This is a significant difference from the ChatModel API, which automatically configured the signature to conform to the standardized OpenAI-compatible input/output/parameter schemas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a custom :py:class:`~mlflow.pyfunc.PythonModel`, we need to manually define the input example so that a model signature can be inferred using the example. This is a significant difference from the ChatModel API, which automatically configures a signature that conforms to the standard OpenAI-compatible input/output/parameter schemas.
```

> To learn more about auto inference of model signature based on an input example, see :ref:`GenAI model signature example <genai_model_signature_example>` section for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about auto inference of model signature based on an input example, see the :ref:`GenAI model signature example <genai_model_signature_example>` section for details.
```
